docs: Odata v4 overview (#442)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/js/features/odata/execute-odata-request.mdx

---
title: Executing a request using a generated OData client
sidebar_label: Executing a request

> description: Use the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript to build and run OData requests in a typesafe way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Use the SAP Cloud SDK for JavaScript to build and run OData requests in a type-safe way.
```
